folder include

srcfile a.out.h
srcfile assert.h
srcfile core.h
srcfile ctype.h
srcfile eos32.h
srcfile eos32lib.h
srcfile eos32sys.h
srcfile errno.h
srcfile float.h
srcfile limits.h
srcfile locale.h
srcfile math.h
srcfile setjmp.h
srcfile signal.h
srcfile stdarg.h
srcfile stddef.h
srcfile stdio.h
srcfile stdlib.h
srcfile string.h
srcfile time.h
srcfile tui_core.h

folder sys

srcfile /eos32/kernel/include/acct.h
srcfile /eos32/kernel/include/blk.h
srcfile /eos32/kernel/include/buf.h
srcfile /eos32/kernel/include/callo.h
srcfile /eos32/kernel/include/conf.h
srcfile /eos32/kernel/include/dev.h
srcfile /eos32/kernel/include/dir.h
srcfile /eos32/kernel/include/fblk.h
srcfile /eos32/kernel/include/file.h
srcfile /eos32/kernel/include/filsys.h
srcfile /eos32/kernel/include/ino.h
srcfile /eos32/kernel/include/inode.h
srcfile /eos32/kernel/include/map.h
srcfile /eos32/kernel/include/mount.h
srcfile /eos32/kernel/include/off.h
srcfile /eos32/kernel/include/param.h
srcfile /eos32/kernel/include/proc.h
srcfile /eos32/kernel/include/reg.h
srcfile /eos32/kernel/include/seg.h
srcfile /eos32/kernel/include/stat.h
srcfile /eos32/kernel/include/stdarg.h
srcfile /eos32/kernel/include/systm.h
srcfile /eos32/kernel/include/text.h
srcfile /eos32/kernel/include/tim.h
srcfile /eos32/kernel/include/tty.h
srcfile /eos32/kernel/include/user.h
